and welcome back veena to the semi
finale hopefully up let's play megaman x
we have beaten Sigma's first dog form
thing let's talk like William Shatner uh
anyway we're getting ready we're gonna
go fight Sigma again I actually should
have done that first in it well anyways
we'll just go ahead and jump up the wall
real fast to get it all fight those are
two real fast bikes Iggy everyone dies
we all go home happy
with shotgun sits the dairy go shotgun
nada de blob of law you're already heard
his last time we're not going to do it
again I wish there was a way to just get
faster do not pause the game gillig a
good fight your master fight on Oh like
it whoa yeah that's it work there we go
I'm really turning put my converters bad
not like a solar company i'm trying to
do so much regular users not working
okay it's horribly bad damn it you would
get working okay there we go
you
okay the lightsaber you are not Luke
Skywalker you are not Darth Vader you
are not Yoda so who the hell you think
more you're not making you either it's
more I will say this little one and you
ever wondered why 0 saber is yellow and
XP and it's green and free and beyond
well I think I hear there's a couple of
us I think he could sigma savior for
expert sigma savor Ash's fight via 20
part febby awesome could be cool i like
to think it simmer being killed with his
own weapon beautiful to do it has never
been safer originally as he seen from
this game even when you do some blades
so i want to mention that now better not
sorry left maybe do a big spoiler for
the beguine and I thought about it for a
second and it told me that
come on he bawled admitted bald guy bald
headed Baldy guy wow I have really got a
jokes insult you come on die you're not
our friend we don't like you try to kill
us by flashy at us Oh in case you're
wondering electric spark that's his
weakness good luck using it you can
literally only hit it like I'm doing now
ow ow ow w kids that don't you soon can
I do this there we go that's a little
too close for my comfort okay good job
he's gonna go over there no I can be
underneath that's why Wow running away
running away no dog filled into the
stupid thing there we go stay over there
oh you asshole
you know the killing like this to place
doing it always still there sorry just
keep doing that I'm bring it by oh haha
alright Nina we did it we please sing
about yay game complete so we're going
to call us a video for the ending
congratulate yourselves we got through
it with a buster all right Mina Johnny